Feat: testcase examples (#44)
chkware/vscode-ext: README.md

## CHKware extension for Visual Studio Code

> The [**CHKware**](https://chkware.github.io/) (pronounced as /tʃek-wer/, i.e. check-ware) extension for Visual Studio Code adds easy modification features for `.chk` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extension for Visual Studio Code adds support for [**CHKware**](https://chkware.github.io/) (pronounced as /tʃek-wer/, i.e. check-ware).
```

## Quick start

Get started writing _**CHKware**_ configurations with VS Code doing following steps:

> - Step 1: If you haven't done so already, install [_**CHKware**_](https://chkware.github.io/setup) by following this link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 1: If you haven't done so already, [**install CHKware**](https://chkware.github.io/setup).
```

> - Step 2: Search and install the _**CHKware**_ extension for VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 2: Install the [**CHKware extension**](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chkware.chkware)  for VS Code.
```

New to CHKwere? Read the [_quick start_](https://chkware.github.io/quick-start) guide here.

> ## Setup development environment

Reviewer: This might confuse the general users that they need to do this when using the extension (as it also shows in marketplace's preview). We should indicate that this is for those who want to contribute. Or move the section elsewhere.

Author: For now let's keep it like this, I am going to update the documentation to be more inclusive to chkware vsc extension next. I understand your reasoning.
